Update README to make only_actions matchers the default approach (#56)
punditcommunity/pundit-matchers: README.md

will cause the test to fail if other actions in the policy are not forbidden.

Using allow lists ensures for comprehensiveness so that any actions that
shouldn't be permitted don't slip through the cracks in practice, for example
due to developer oversight. The [OWASP Top 10 - 2021][owasp-top-10] recommends
that access control enforces policy so that users cannot act outside of their
intended permissions. It was discovered that 94% of applications that were
tested had some form of [broken access control][broken-access-control] with an
average incidence rate of 3.81%.

The following example tests a policy that authorises visitors to view articles
only, while administrators can create and update articles (but are forbidden
from deleting them):

```ruby
require 'rails_helper'

describe ArticlePolicy do
  subject { described_class.new(user, article) }

  let(:article) { Article.new }

  context 'being a visitor' do
    let(:user) { nil }

    it { is_expected.to permit_only_actions(%i[index show]) }
  end

  context 'being an administrator' do
    let(:user) { User.new(administrator: true) }

    it { is_expected.to permit_only_actions(%i[index show create update]) }
  end
end
```

> This approach would add be robust in the following scenario:

Reviewer: not an English native speaker, can't tell if `add be robust` is correct

Author: It shouldn't include the word "add". I've removed it.

> * ArticlePolicy is created with index, create, destroy
> * The policy is tested with `permit_only_actions(%i[index create destroy])`
> * After 8 months, a developer adds publish action, which would automatically
>   be forbidden since it is not in the allow list of permitted actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ArticlePolicy` is created with `index`, `create`, and `destroy` actions
* The policy is tested with `permit_only_actions(%i[index create destroy])`
* After several months, a developer adds the `publish` action, which would automatically
  be tested to be forbidden since it is not in the allow list of permitted actions.
```

Author: I've added these improvements.

user/record pairs based on application state. These variations should be
organised into separate RSpec context blocks, as in the previous example.

## Testing For an Allow List of Permitted Actions

As of Pundit Matchers 2.1, the recommended approach is to use an explicit
allow list of actions permitted by the policy (`permit_only_actions`) along with

> an explicit deny list of actions that are forbidden (`forbid_only_actions`).

Reviewer: After another read, it looks like that the text is advising to use `permit_actions` and `forbid_actions`, but the code uses their `only` versions. I understand the need to be explicit at least once, but it is what `permit_only` is trying to avoid, or it maybe needs a clarification on why this is tested twice

> an explicit deny list of actions that are forbidden (`forbid_only_actions`).

Author: I've split them into two code examples. Hopefully it's worded closer to your original intent now?

Using allow/deny lists ensures for comprehensiveness so that any actions that
shouldn't be permitted don't slip through the cracks in practice, for example
due to developer oversight. The [OWASP Top 10 - 2021][owasp-top-10] recommends
that access control enforces policy so that users cannot act outside of their
intended permissions. It was discovered that 94% of applications that were
tested had some form of [broken access control][broken-access-control] with an
average incidence rate of 3.81%.

The following example tests a policy that authorises visitors to view articles
only, while administrators can create and update articles (but are forbidden
from deleting them):

```ruby
require 'rails_helper'

describe ArticlePolicy do
  subject { described_class.new(user, article) }

  let(:article) { Article.new }

  context 'being a visitor' do
    let(:user) { nil }

    it { is_expected.to permit_only_actions(%i[index show]) }

>     it { is_expected.to forbid_only_actions(%i[create update destroy]) }

Author: I've updated this.

  end

  context 'being an administrator' do
    let(:user) { User.new(administrator: true) }

    it { is_expected.to permit_only_actions(%i[index show create update]) }

>     it { is_expected.to forbid_only_actions(%i[destroy]) }

Reviewer: ...exactly like this
https://github.com/panzerdragoonlegacy/website/commit/f4a9d9d9c7fbd8cb0b997b1d2743bddfd96f3779#diff-b5fc4b03fce398ddda21f5121747d42d735ceaca72210a7119a636a7397477a2R34-R35

  end

  context 'being an administrator' do
    let(:user) { User.new(administrator: true) }

    it { is_expected.to permit_all_actions }
  end
end
```

## Testing a Single Action

While it is recommended to use `permit_only_actions` and `forbid_only_actions`,
sometimes you may want to test that a single action is authorised without
testing other actions in the policy. This may be because you are only concerned
about testing a particular context, for example testing whether a user can
publish an article:

```ruby
require 'rails_helper'

describe ArticlePolicy do
  subject { described_class.new(user, article) }

  let(:user) { User.create }

  context 'user updating an article that they authored' do
    let(:article) { Article.create(user_id: user.id) }

    it { is_expected.to permit_action(:update) }
  end

  context 'user updating an article that they did not author' do
    let(:article) { Article.create(user_id: nil) }

    it { is_expected.to forbid_action(:update) }
  end
end
```

## Testing Multiple Actions

To test multiple actions at once the `permit_actions` and `forbid_actions`
matchers can be used. Both matchers accept an array of actions as a parameter.

> While it is recommended to use `permit_only_actions` and `forbid_only_actions`

Author: Updated.
